{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ABOUT THESE FILES\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
These are files for project #740 and used for my Flower Bouquet Lantern \'97 I\'92ve included SVG, DXF, and PDF versions.
\f2 \
\

\f1 See my full step-by-step tutorial at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jennifermaker.com/flower-bouquet-lantern"}}{\fldrslt https://jennifermaker.com/flower-bouquet-lantern}}
\f2 \
\

\f1 Learn how to customize these at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jennifermaker.com/advance"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://jennifermaker.com/advance}}
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
TERMS OF USE AND LICENSE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for downloading my digital cut file kit from JenniferMaker LLC. This kit remains the property of JenniferMaker LLC and is protected by U.S. and international property laws. It is provided to you for your own personal use.
\f2 \
\

\f1 To learn what you may and may not do with this digital kit, and learn ways to obtain special usage licenses, please visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jennifermaker.com/licenses"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://jennifermaker.com/licenses}}
\f2 \
\

\f1 Under no circumstances can you reproduce, repackage, or redistribute the contents of this kit, in whole or part, for any reason.
\f2 \
\

\f1 I encourage you to post creations made with this kit onto public galleries or your personal blog, or submit creations to magazines or online publications, provided that the author and kit name are attributed in the list of supplies.
\f2 \
\

\f1 Modification of Terms: JenniferMaker LLC shall have the right to modify the terms of this agreement at any time, which modification shall be effective immediately and shall replace all prior agreements.
\f2 \
\

\f1 Read the full details at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jennifermaker.com/licenses/"}}{\fldrslt https://jennifermaker.com/licenses/}}
\f2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
SUPPORT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you have questions on how to use this kit, please email hello@jennifermaker.com
\f2 \
\

\f1 I have many other designs and cut files like this at jennifermaker.com -- come visit me! :)
\f2 \
\

\f1 Love,
\f2 \

\f1 Jennifer
\f2 \

\f1 Founder and CEO of JenniferMaker Creative Living}