{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15360\viewh17920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ABOUT THESE FILES\
\
This is cut file for my Game Controller Card/Gift Card Holder. There are two files for the card and both have lines that need to be converted to score lines in your cutting software.\
\
This collection includes the following files:\
\
1. game-controller-card-jennifermaker.svg <\'97 inside of card (Cricut)\
2. game-controller-card-jennifermaker.dxf <\'97 inside of card (Silhouette)\
3. game-controller-card-base-jennifermaker.svg <\'97 outside of card (Cricut)\
4. game-controller-card-base-jennifermaker.dxf <\'97 outside of card (Silhouette)\
5. game-controller-card-front.jpg <\'97 photo of outside of card\
6. game-controller-card-inside.jpg <\'97 photo of inside of card\
\
A tutorial that shows how to assemble this rolled sunflower is at https://jennifermaker.com/game-controller-pop-up-gift-card-holder\
\
\
TERMS OF USE AND LICENSE\
\
Thank you for downloading my digital cut file kit from JenniferMaker.com. This kit remains the property of Jennifer Marx and is protected by U.S. and international property laws. It is provided to you for your own personal use.\
\
Personal Use Only: Accordingly, you agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, or create derivative works, except for your own personal, non-commercial use. I encourage you to post creations made with this kit onto public galleries or your personal blog, or submit creations to magazines or online publications, provided that the author and kit name are attributed in the list of supplies.\
\
No Redistribution: You may not reproduce, repackage, or redistribute the contents of this kit, in whole or part, for any reason.\
\
No Commercial Use: This kit may not be used for commercial purposes without explicit permission. If you wish to use any portion of the kit for commercial purposes, please contact hello@jennifermaker.com. Any use of the kit that infringes upon the intellectual property rights of Jennifer Marx or that is for commercial purposes will be investigated. Thank you for understanding.\
\
Modification of Terms: Jennifer Marx shall have the right to modify the terms of this agreement at any time, which modification shall be effective immediately and shall replace all prior agreements.\
\
\
SUPPORT\
\
If you have questions on how to use this kit, please email hello@jennifermaker.com\
\
You can get access to these files and my assembly videos a day earlier than anyone else (plus other awesome goodies) by supporting me on Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/jennifermaker\
\
\
I have many other designs and free cut files like this at my blog, too! Come visit me. :)\
\
Jennifer Marx\
JenniferMaker.com}